-: Welcome back.
In this section we are going to implement the
Kubernetes Ingress SSL use case.
So let's understand the tasks involved
as part of this ALB Ingress SSL use case.
And before going to tasks,
we also need to know that we are also going
to introduce two more services as part of this use case.
Which is AWS Route 53 and AWS Certificate Manager.
So as part of task one,
we are going to register a new domain in AWS Route 53.
So this is just to learn how to register a domain
in our AWS Route 53.
And as part of task two,
we are going to create a SSL certificate
in AWS Certificate Manager.
And as part of task three,
we are going to update the SSL annotations
in the Ingress service,
and deploy those Kubernetes manifests
and then test it using task four.
So let's also understand the network design for this.
So whatever we are seeing currently,
is a network design we have used and seen
already in the Context Path Based Route Routing
use case or demo.
So now we are also going to add AWS Route 53
related service here and also ensure that we register
a new domain inside this Route 53 service.
And we are also going to create a SSL certificate
in the Certificate Manager Service.
And we are also going to update our Ingress Service
with SSL related annotations.
And finally, we are also going to DNS register
our application load balancer DNS name,
with a custom DNS name with the, with something like
SSL Demo Docs, taxsimplified.com
in the Route 53 Azure record.
And whenever we access HTTP URLs,
all three applications, app one, app two and then app three,
should be accessible for us.
And we, we will be also able to access using
HTTPS, SSL Demo Docs taxsimplified.com
for all the three applications
with their respective context path.
And in next demo, in addition to this,
we are also going to implement a SSL redirect.
So whenever you access the HTTP URLs also,
it will directly redirect to HTTP URLs.
But that is in the next demo.
In this demo, we will see the URLs in a independent model
where you can access the application
with both HTTP and also HTTPS URLs.
Now, to register a domain in AWS Route 53,
already taxsimplified.com is a registered domain
which we are using for all of our websites.
So that said, to implement or demonstrate this use case,
we are going to use a new domain named, cubancloud.com.
So this completes the introductory
part of Ingress SSL use case.
In our next lecture we'll go ahead
and then practically implement this.
So I'll see you in the next lecture.
Until then, bye bye.
Thank you.